# hello-world
just another repository

Hi everyone!
My name is Joel Fuhrmann, a Java developer who recently worked for CSX as part of a team developing an app called Maintenance Of Way, used by CSX to administer maintenance work on its railroad.
My job entailed writing code to make data queries into a database and display the results in an Excel spreadsheet using the Apache POI API. The app also made similar calls which were displayed on screen. I had to emulate those calls and display them in Excel, with a few modification to handle formatting, an admin code to be displayed on each page (which was not displayed on the app's page in the same way). The export was done in one of two ways: one was from the app's landing page, where a dialog could be opened which displayed all the tables which could be exported to Excel. A user could export everything in one fell swoop for instance, though we had to make a way for the data to be delivered with a time delay, via email. The other way was to be done from each table's detail page, where a user could export an interesting table to Excel immediately and have it available for printing or saving.

This file is written to start my own personal github project space. While I have written a lot of Java programs, they are currently saved on my Google Drive and not kept in github. Most of that material is coursework, not very involved and will not be transferred over, but there are a few programs I want to import. 
One such program is a program I wrote about seven years ago, in Perl, that performs a pairwise comparison of teams in a sports league. Designed for college sports, it was basically written to answer the question: How do you compare the relative strengths of about 120 college football teams when each team only plays 12 games? An algorithm was developed a while back by a couple of guys named Bradley and Terry, another person named Ken developed it for college hockey, naming it KRACH (Ken's Ratings for College Hockey), and that algorithm is general enough to be applied to sports leagues where the schedule consists of teams playing head-to-head in a series of scheduled games. This algorithm would not work in a sport such as golf or NASCAR where competition is not head-to-head but rather against many opponents.
